README.md, before:

# THIS TIME WILL WORK  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
      


  ## Table of Contents (Optional)
  
  - [Description](#Descripton)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)
  
  ## Description
    fixed a typo so hopefully

  ## Installation
    it will let me print everything directly to my readme

  ## Usage
    and I wont have to worry about this anymore

  ## How to Contribute
    I am so happy this worked out so fast

  ## Tests
    cant wait to get to the next thing. 

  ## Credits
    

  ## License
  MIT License

    Copyright (c) [year] [fullname]
    
    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
    
    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.
    
    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.;

Commit message:

touched up some of the UI in the command line, addeda function for differently named files, and for a section for github and emails to be added. used the application to write the readme for the application

README.md, after:

# README Generator  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
      


  ## Table of Contents (Optional)
  
  - [Description](#Descripton)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)
  
  ## Description
    I built this project to condense the amount of time spent making future readmes. By eliminating the need to worry about formatting, this app will allow for readmes that are comprehensive and professional in  no time at all. I learned a lot about  asynchronous functions overlapping, and how most importantly, how to stop the app from running right passed them without waiting for the function to finish.

  ## Installation
    to install, simply clone this repo to your hardrive and run it in the commandline. 

  ## Usage
    to use, run node index.js in an integrated terminal. then follow the prompts, answering the questions until they finish. You should get a "file printed successfully message" once the process is finished. As always, it is reccomended to look over the generated read me and fine tune it to your specifications. there is a chance things like links and images could get lost in the imperfect commandline input format. 

  ## How to Contribute
    to contribute, simply fork and PR and I will look it over. Always open to outside contribution

  ## Tests
    the best test is simply to run the application! clone it, and run it, throw some sample text into the inputs, see what the file that is generated looks like! For instance, this very README is generated using the application! 

  ## Questions
    if you have questions you can reach me at 
    [github](https://github.com/WillRMorris)
    or email me at: Willboy875@gmail.com

  ## Credits
    None yet!

  ## License
  MIT License

    Copyright (c) [year] [fullname]
    
    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
    
    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.
    
    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.;
